[atmospheric music playing]
[young Shiki] Oh, a shooting star!
[Demon King Ziggy]
Actually, it's a dragon.
Oh…
That's a dragon?
No, I suspect it's a comet.
-Huh?
-I really had you there, Shiki.
[laughing]
Hey, what's the deal? Weren't you the one
who said we shouldn't tell lies, Grandpa?
Do you know for sure it's a lie?
Unless you're able to see it up close,
how can you be certain
that it's not a dragon?
[young Shiki] But there's no way
I can get that high up, Grandpa.
[Demon King] Well, there are many things
you'll never truly know if you stay here.
That's why I hope that one day, Shiki,
you will visit other lands,
meet a great number of people,
and make many,
many good friends along the way.
What's a friend?
The most important thing
one can have in this world.
A friend stands with you,
come rain or shine.
If you ever find a friend
who will shed tears for you,
cherish that person forever.
Oh… [giggles]
[young Shiki]
Are you talking about Michael?
[Michael] Impossible.
Machines do not have hearts.
Therefore, I cannot cry.
Of course you have a heart, Michael.
Everyone does.
Then that means
the two of us can be friends.
-[young Shiki giggles]
-[Michael] Affirmative.
[young Shiki] Grandpa,
what's on the other side of the sky?
[Demon King Ziggy] The universe.
[young Shiki]
What kind of stuff is in the universe?
[Demon King Ziggy] Everything, my boy.
It has dragons, fish, dogs, cats, humans.
And, even bugs.
Bugs?! [grunts]
[Michael]
You really dislike them, don't you?
[Demon King Ziggy]
And somewhere in the universe, is the one
known as Mother.
[young Shiki] Who's she?
A being who can make any wish come true.
[young Shiki]
I want her to make my wish come true then!
[Michael] What is your wish, Shiki?
[giggling]
My wish is to make lots of friends!
[uplifting music soaring]
INTO THE SKY
WHERE CHERRY BLOSSOMS FLUTTER
[Happy] I see it. I see it!
[Rebecca]
Yes! We made it to Granbell Kingdom!
[footsteps]
It's a lot more impressive
than I thought it'd be.
Yeah, no kidding. I was positive
this place had fallen into disrepair.
[Rebecca] I feel like I just stepped
through into a fantasy world!
Happy, this is going to bring us
a lot of views for our channel!
So that's why
you're wearing a short skirt!
-[fanfare plays]
-[both gasp]
Our first visitors in a hundred years.
Welcome!
[plays fanfare]
-[machine 1] We've got guests!
-[machine 2] Visitors! Open up the shops!
-[machine 3] 50 glees per night.
-[machine 4] Get the quest ready!
Wow!
That's a whole lot of robots!
What' do you dream of becoming, madame?
A knight? How about a princess?
Lead the way. This is where
that dream can become reality!
[all] Welcome to Granbell,
the kingdom of dreams!
[fireworks popping]
So pretty!
Well, then. What is your dream?
To reach a million subscribers!
You don't mind if I record this, do you?
[Butler machine] Subscribers?
Could you actually do all of that
over from the beginning?
I forgot to hit "record." You can go
from the "Welcome to Granbell" part.
-Can I be in the shot while you do it too?
-[grunts]
Rebecca, don't forget your accessory!
[Rebecca] Oops! Thanks, Happy!
[Butler]
What a fascinating visitor we have here.
Are there any events going on today
that would look good on camera?
"Good on camera?"
She means something
with some real razzle-dazzle!
Well-well, we may have something for that.
How do you feel about
defeating monsters for a prize?
[Rebecca]
That would be perfect for the camera!
[loud thudding]
[loud thud]
[gasps]
[hissing]
[echoing] Meow!
-[Rebecca] It's huge!
-[Happy] Huge!
Ah, it's gotta be
the biggest cat I've ever seen!
About that…
Meow!
So cute! [giggles]
[loud bang]
-[crash]
-[screams]
Kitty!
[yelling]
[clang]
[gasps]
Huh?
[Rebecca] Is that a boy?
[grunts]
[shrieks]
[Rebecca] I'm sorry!
I didn't mean to break your machine!
A human?
-Are you really a human?
-[whimpers]
[mischievous music playing]
-Wow…
-[Rebecca grumbles]
-[Rebecca] Stop that!
-Incredible!
-[Shiki] So soft!
-[Rebecca slurps]
[clang]
-What the heck is with this guy?
-[Shiki groans]
I didn't think there were
any humans around here in the first place.
-Doesn't look like a visitor either.
-[grunts]
I'm the only human around these parts.
Huh?
-Stop looking up my skirt!
-[thud]
Mm?
-A bug! [screams, pants]
-[Rebecca grunts]
-[thud]
-[screams]
-Where is the bug?! Where is it?
-I think it's gone.
Mm?
-A cat! I've heard of these! Can I eat it?
-[grunting]
No, you cannot! [whimpers]
[Shiki] And you'd be a human… girl?
Yeah… a girl and a cat.
Human… A cat… Human…
-[Rebecca] What's wrong with you?
-[grunts]
What's with that look?
-[Rebecca] You look so angry.
-Come on, let's calm down now.
-[grunts]
-[grunting]
-Let's talk this over.
[grunts]
[whimpers]
Huh?
Oh…
[Shiki] Would…
Would you want
to be my friend?
[both] Huh…
You and me. We could become friends.
-[screams]
-Hell, no!
[mischievous music playing]
[Rebecca grunts]
That guy really gave me the creeps.
[Happy] After that punch you gave him,
you seem like the scary one, Rebecca.
Sorry, I've just never seen
a human before.
Really?
[screams]
[both screaming]
-Grandpa told me to make lots of friends.
-[both screaming]
-He said the most important thing--
-Why should I care?!
[both screaming]
[Rebecca]
There was a human out there! A boy!
I thought only machines
were living here in Granbell.
[Mithra]
Oh, you must be referring to Shiki.
His name's Shiki? That weird guy?
Yup, and this is Mithra,
the tavern keeper.
[both scream]
[Shiki] This is John, the tailor.
Anne, the cafeteria lady.
And this right here is my friend Michael.
Nice to meet you.
Oh, wow. So you all know each other?
[Shiki] Yeah, of course.
All of us are friends!
Uh…
[giggles]
-[Rebecca] Maybe he's not such a bad guy.
-[Happy] I agree.
-So, what's your name?
-I'm Rebecca.
You can call me Happy.
Gotcha! Rebecca and Happy!
-Can we all become friends?
-[Rebecca] I need time to think about it.
[gasps]
Calm down. You're our first visitor
in a hundred years. Let's celebrate!
[all cheering]
[playful music]
[playful music fades]
[Archer Machine]
Majesty, it's about the girl.
[Castle King] I know.
The time has come.
There's no other choice.
[slurping]
-So what were you doing with that cat?
-[Happy] Are you still eating?
I was repairing him.
He's been acting up recently,
for some reason.
But when I tried to fix him,
he went all "boom" and stuff.
That's not a sound I'm familiar with.
Where do you guys come from, anyway?
[Rebecca] Blue Garden. I'm guessing
you've never heard about it, though.
Nope, I haven't.
But it's my dream to go out
and visit other places some day.
You mean you've never left this island?
[Shiki] If I left,
then no one would be around to repair
the machines if something went wrong.
[yawns] I'm gonna go sleep now, okay?
[all screaming]
-[sizzling]
-[snores]
-[Rebecca] Is he a narcoleptic?
-[Happy] That poor table.
-Ugh…
-[continues snoring]
[Rebecca]
Is that okay if I give him a haircut?
His hair's bothering me.
-[Mithra] Fair point.
-[John] It is rather unkempt.
[Michael] We don't know much
about human sensibilities.
Oh…
[Michael] I bet you're wondering
what a lone human is doing here.
[gasps] Do you have
a mind-reading program?
[Michael] You see, Shiki is special.
[Rebecca] In what way?
[Michael] Ten years ago, the Demon King
brought a child to this island.
Demon King?
[John] Rather a machine
who played the role of one.
[Michael] He's broken now, however.
[Mithra]
I don't know where he found that child.
[Annie] But he took care of him
as if he were his own.
[John]
The boy became attached to all of us.
We couldn't just abandon him.
[Michael]
And he helps us by doing repairs.
[Rebecca] So I'm assuming that Shiki
wasn't able to repair the Demon King?
-[snoring]
-[Michael] Correct.
-It was a lot of fun, huh?
-Yeah.
And we've got lots of good videos to boot.
I'm positive they're gonna get us
a ton of views.
[Rebecca] I'll start editing the footage.
[ominous music playing]
[Shiki] Huh?
My… hair!
What happened to my hair?!
Did it just walk away?!
[Shiki] Michael, help me! My hair!
-[sobbing]
-[Rebecca yells] What's going on?!
-Huh?
-[Rebecca] Let me go!
Hey, what's with all the noise over here?
Huh?
-[Shiki] Happy! Rebecca!
-[Happy snoring]
-[Rebecca] Shiki!
-Isn't it a bit early to be playing games?
Hey, this wasn't my idea, okay?!
When I woke up I was already tied up here!
Get me out of this thing, would you?
[Shiki] Oh, okay.
[Castle King] You must not release her!
[tense music plays]
His Majesty!
Why is this happening?
Is it because I did something wrong?
Listen to me,
this human here is my friend!
She may not be from around here,
but she's not a bad person!
[Castle King] It matters not.
We've been waiting for
an opportunity like this for a century.
A time when someone
with a ship would arrive here.
[Rebecca] A ship?
I've no idea what you're talking about!
Just let her go!
I will not.
This human shall be put to death.
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
What are you planning to do?
[Castle King] After ending her life,
we shall use her ship
to sail to the outside world.
Hey!
I thought I was supposed to be your guest!
-[Castle King] That's exactly the problem.
-[gasps]
We machines are not
an inferior kind to humans.
And we will not be used
for their benefit as such.
That's not what I meant at all
when I said that.
[Shiki] Everyone!
[Mithra] The humans are the enemy.
[John] They look down on us.
[Annie] They think of us as tools.
[Archer Machine] They destroy us.
Mithra. John. Annie.
[Michael] I am not a tool.
You too, Michael?
[gasps]
[Shiki]
He's been acting up for some reason.
It can't be!
[Rebecca]
Have they been infected by a virus?
[Castle King] Indeed.
It was a virus that gave us
self-awareness and our own free will.
It taught us that we are not
merely tools for humans.
[grunts] Come on, snap out of it, Michael!
[Michael] You humans are the enemy.
[grunts] That's not true at all!
You and I are friends, remember?
Just wait for a sec.
I'll get you all fixed up!
[Castle King] You'll do no such thing.
No, stop!
You cannot reverse this process.
You never had the ability
to repair machines to begin with.
What do you mean?
I've fixed you all a bunch of times!
We were acting in accordance
with our prescribed roles, human.
In this world,
everyone has their part to play.
Yours was as the repairman,
but it was only a charade.
The other repair system in Granbell Castle
was responsible for the repairs.
No way.
I'm gonna bring all of you back to normal!
Impossible.
I'll do it! I'm gonna fix you!
Like a friend should!
[thunder clapping]
We are machines and you are not.
We cannot be friends with you.
Wait, is he a combat model?
[Castle King] Long ago, this land
was filled with both machines and humans.
However, when the visitors stopped coming,
the humans abandoned us.
They didn't even bother to dispose of us.
That was a hundred years ago.
Now today, a human has arrived with a ship
that will allow us to leave this island!
[Castle King]
The time for our rebellion has come!
Hang on!
We've spent all this time together.
Why does this have to change now?!
[Castle King] You did not possess a ship.
You're merely a human
the Demon King brought here.
It was just easier to let you live.
[breathing shakily]
[Shiki] No… this can't be true.
[all] Get revenge against the humans!
The machines will rule the world!
Humans are our sworn enemies!
[all] The humans are the enemy!
Shiki!
-[bang]
-[groans]
[grunts]
[machines clamoring]
[Shiki] Why? We can all…
still be friends? Can we?
[young Shiki, giggling]
Then the two of us can be friends.
[Michael] Affirmative.
Machines can never be friends with humans.
[Rebecca] Stop it!
What you're doing is terrible!
[poignant music plays]
Don't you see?
Shiki cares about all of you.
[inaudible]
[machines clamoring]
Why would you this to someone
who calls you his friend?!
[machines continue beating and clamoring]
[Rebecca] This is horrible.
[mechanism rattling]
When you're friends with someone,
it doesn't matter if they're
human or a machine!
Be silent!
Unless you're seeking a hastier demise.
[supernatural rattling]
[blast]
[epic music blasting]
[all screaming]
-[gasps]
-[clattering]
[epic music builds]
[Rebecca] That blow!
-What is that?
-[Castle King] Hmm.
[Shiki]
Are you sure we're not friends anymore?
Those kicks didn't even
come close to hurting me
so I figured you all
were just holding back.
[Castle King] If you're so strong,
then show us the power
bestowed upon you by the Demon King!
It's what he taught me that matters.
If you ever find a friend
who will shed tears for you,
cherish that person forever.
[rattling]
[blast]
Then I shall fight for those tears
with all my might!
[gasps]
[Castle King] Surrender, human!
And die!
My name…
[Castle King grunts]
…is Shiki!
-[epic music playing]
-[Castle King grunts]
-Happy!
-Sorry, I overslept there.
[grunts]
-What's happening?
-[grunts]
[rapid gunfire]
He's running along the wall!
He's wearing Ether Gear!
-[blast]
-[Rebecca] Ether Gear? How does it work?
[Happy] Don't you remember?
It recombines the Ether that flows
within the body and converts it to energy.
It's a power from the Dark Ages!
You have done well to avoid
certain death thus far, human.
But let's see how you handle this!
[blast]
You think that I'll give up?
[explosions]
What are the chances?
Finding someone like that here!
You can do nothing
against this onslaught! Perish!
[rapid gunfire]
[Castle King] How could you
when you do not even have the strength
to leave this island!
-[Castle King grunts]
-[Shiki] Magimech Attack!
-[groans]
-[Shiki] Gravity Fist!
MAGIMECH ATTACK
GRAVITY FIST
[loud explosion]
[screaming]
[Happy] Watch it for that punch!
[yelps]
[Rebecca] We're floating?
[Happy] It's Gravity Ether Gear!
My Grandpa passed it on to me.
-[machine 1] Kill the human!
-[machine 2] Machines will rule the world!
-Huh… Hmm.
-[machines clamoring]
-[Shiki] Where's your ship docked?
-Over that way.
Then I'll make the gravity
point north-northwest.
Huh? What do you mean? [yelps]
[Rebecca and Happy screaming]
[Rebecca] We're falling sideways!
-[machine 1] Don't let them get away!
-[machine 2] Follow 'em!
-[Shiki] Is that it?
-[Rebecca] Yeah!
[blast]
[thud]
-[Shiki] All right, go!
-What about you?
-[clamoring]
-[Shiki] I'm gonna stay.
[Rebecca] Huh?
-[Happy] The machines are coming!
-[clamoring]
[grunts]
-Shiki, you should come with me.
-Huh?
We're friends, aren't we?
[uplifting music creeping in]
Hmm!
[blasting off]
-[Rebecca] Aqua Wing, take off!
-[engine whirring]
What's going on?
I thought you said this was a ship.
It is a ship.
[whirring]
[tense music playing]
You talked about how you wanted
to see the outside world, didn't you?
Hmm… Yeah, that's right.
I did say that.
[Rebecca] Well, now's the time.
[Shiki] We're going to another land?
-Not just another land, Shiki.
-Hmm?
-Take a peek outside.
-Huh?
[gasps]
[epic music playing]
[Rebecca]
You're looking at the Sakura Cosmos.
This ship can fly through the universe.
Uh. So does that mean
the place you come from is actually…
[Rebecca] Planet Blue Garden.
[Shiki] Planet…
Wait, are we in space right now?!
[uplifting music soaring]
[Shiki] No way!
Mm?
Hey, what's that light?
-[Shiki] Is it a comet?
-[Rebecca] No, that right there…
[gasps]
[engine whirring]
[Rebecca] …is a dragon!
Awesome!
[uplifting music continues]
[Shiki]
So this is it? This is the universe!
[sorrowful music playing]
[Machine Archer]
Majesty, it's about the girl.
[Castle King] I know.
She's a human from another planet.
The time has come.
Before we die, we must do all we can,
then send Shiki to the stars.
-[alarm blaring]
-Go, my boy, and leave this planet.
A human should not stay in this place.
This is best.
[Mithra]
The day we no longer be able to move…
[Annie] …you'll be left all alone.
[John] This was the only way
to convince you to leave.
[Knight] Otherwise,
you'd have stayed to try and fix us.
[Castle King] Well done, everyone.
That was quite the performance.
[Demon King Ziggy] We machines
are going to die off in a few short years.
For us, there is no way
to escape this fate.
Which is why I must ask of all of you,
before that happens, please, help Shiki.
[Demon King Ziggy]
That boy will change the universe.
[clattering]
[Michael] We were able
to keep our promise, Demon King.
[Demon King Ziggy] Of course
you have a heart, Michael. Everyone does.
[Michael] If I knew I'd feel this sad,
if I knew I'd feel this lonely,
I would never have wanted
a heart in the first place.
[parts clattering]
[poignant music playing]
ALL MACHINES ON PLANET GRANBELL
HAVE STOPPED FUNCTIONING
[engine dying down]
[upbeat music playing]
[Rebecca] So yeah,
there's lots of different universes.
-This one is Sakura Cosmos.
-Rebecca.
-Huh?
-[Happy giggles]
Is that blue dot where we left from?
[Rebecca] Yes, Granbell.
A planet constructed
entirely like a theme park.
[crying]
[voice breaks] And now, after all that…
[Shiki] I forgive them.
They just weren't themselves.
I'll never forget
the friendships we all shared.
Thank you, everyone! Because you were
there with me, I was never lonely!
[Shiki] I don't think they can hear me.
Can I break this window?
[Rebecca] No!
[sniffling] You know what?
That's it! I'm gonna go out there
and make a hundred friends!
[Rebecca] Wow. Well, I hope you do.
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
[Mother]
The boy started out on his journey.
Who knows what sort of events
he will set into motion?
Will he become a legendary hero?
Or will he bring about
destruction as a demon?
Only time will tell for certain.
He must walk forward on his own two feet.
A GIRL AND HER BLUE CAT